Update README.md (#78)
widgetti/ipyreact: README.md

)
```

### Importing ReactJS based libraries

> Imported libraries must require/import `react` and `react-dom` packages provided by `ipyreact`, otherwise things will break (see [FAQ](#faq)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imported libraries must use the `react` and `react-dom` packages provided by `ipyreact`, otherwise things will break (see [FAQ](#faq)). 
```
